The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
She sells sea shells by the seashore.
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
To be or not to be, that is the question.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country.
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
The greatest wealth is to live content with little.
It is not enough to aim, you must hit.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
